2014/07/26 - ebtree naming conventions
--------------------------------------

Ebtree is being extended to support more addressing types, more data types, and
a new storage model relying on a new space-efficient tree architecture. For
this reason, we need a more detailed naming so that the type describes exactly
what is stored and how data are manipulated.

Tree architecture can be one of :
  - elastic binary tree
  - compact binary tree

Node addressing models :
  - absolute (pointers are locations in memory)
  - large relative (pointers are 64-bit relative to the pointer)
  - medium relative (pointers are 32-bit relative to the pointer)
  - small relative (pointers are 16-bit relative to the pointer)

Key access mode :
  - address of the node (no data attached to the node)
  - direct access (key immediately follows the node)
  - indirect access (a pointer to the key follows the node). This pointer is
    then of the same type as all other pointers and follows the addressing
    model.

Key type and size (for both direct/indirect) :
  - 16 / 32 / 64 for fixed integer key sizes
  - "b" for fixed size memory block
  - "s" for null-terminated string
  - none for node's address only

Key sign (for integers) :
  - "i" for signed integer
  - none for unsigned or other types

That gives :

  {eb,cb}{a,l,m,s}{a,d,i}{16,32,64,b,s,}{i,}

Not all combinations are necessarily valid. Only integers may have the "i"
suffix, nodes storing their own address (suffixed with "a") have no type
size. Existing ebtree-v6 types and functions are mapped this way :

  eb32  ---> ebad32
  eb32i ---> ebad32i
  eb64  ---> ebad64
  eb64i ---> ebad64i
  ebmb  ---> ebadb
  ebst  ---> ebads
  ebpt  ---> ebai
  ebim  ---> ebaib
  ebis  ---> ebais

New useful types should appear quickly :

  ebaa : only carry the node's address, useful for pointer-based lookups
         (eg: "show sess 0x12345678" in haproxy)

Some implementations might disappear over the long term :

  ebpt : only used as a storage type, only used as a workaround for the lack of
         ebaa. It currently carries a 32/64 bit pointer to an indirect location
         of any type (void *) thus the mapping to "ebai" (indirect node's
         address so we index the address of the storage node designated by the
         pointer).

Multiple data types may share the same nodes. For example, signed and unsigned
nodes have the same storage, only their access functions differ. The same
prefix should be used for all functions working on the same data.

Later an extension might come (locked/unlocked or shared/private use).

It is uncertain yet whether it would make sense to also split the code into
unique/non-unique trees. The nodes are the same, but it could make sense to
have different insertion functions. Unique trees do not have dup trees so
that could even save a test during lookups. The following cases have to be
handled for key occurrences :
  - unique
  - multiple
      - sorted by insertion order
      - sorted by storage address
  - defined by root configuration

Properties :
  - relative addressing mode must ensure that all nodes can correctly be
    addressed and enforce rules for this. For example, ebtree offers the
    parent pointer which means that a node may reference another node or
    the root at address zero. Forcing the use of pointers to a location
    internal to the node and having a node used as the root can be a
    solution against this. Space efficient trees will typically have their
    root at position zero and no up pointer so a NULL is unambiguous.

  - CB trees do not offer provisions for duplicates, unless the tree is
    built using the node's address as the discriminant for nodes whose
    XOR is null. In this case, insertion ordering is not preserved, the
    memory location is used instead. This is interesting for memory
    allocators.
